This summer fair project
It's a test for both of you
Which one of you always does a good job?
General Manager of Who Province
This time the company will be impartial
Give you the same resources to support
Who can come out on top?
Each according to his ability
urchin
Just wait to be my subordinate
I see how arrogant you are talking to me
Wang Lei
You still can't hold your breath
The fair hasn't started yet.
You start talking nonsense
Is it too early?
Fang Buchang, I'm not fighting alone now
You don't mean the new ritual music in your department, do you?
What is he?
Do you really think he can help you?
Director Fang is always so confident
You need to know
Can bite to death
Often it's something you look down on
Lin Yue, what did you do?
Without any experience, you can still enter Yuesen
I advise you not to laugh too loud
If an inexperienced person like me wins
Wouldn't it be more humiliating
Sometimes
Winning is not just about work ability